Copyright notice

© 2023 Karagoz Aviation LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Privacy Policy

At our website, accessible via link, we are committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors. This website acts in accordance with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) and other applicable laws.

This Privacy Policy explains what personal information we collect online, how we use and protect it and in which circumstances this information can be disclosed. 

1. Consent

By using this website, you consent to this Privacy Policy and its terms and conditions described hereby. If it is not the case, please, leave this website immediately. 

2. Information we collect

We can collect the following personal data when you interact with this website: 

First and last name;
Email address; 
Comments;
Or any other optional information you choose to provide us, e.g. such as phone number, your address etc. 

You consent to provide us this information by fulfilling our contact forms. 

Если на сайте необходимо будет создавать аккаунты, то надо будет добавить соответствующую информацию.

3. How we use the information provided by you

The personal data collected can be used for the following purposes: 

To contact you by email and/or by telephone calls; 
To provide you with information about our goods and services; 
To manage your request; 
To improve our products and services and introduce new ones; 
To optimise our Website; 
To comply with our legal obligations.

Проверить полный ли список, надо ли что-то добавить?
4. Disclosure of your personal data to third parties

By this Privacy Policy we guarantee you not to sell your personal data to other companies. 

The personal data provided by you may be disclosed only in the following cases: 

You authorise such disclosure; 
To help to conduct transactions for you;
This information can be shared with our agents, acting legally on our behalf  (e.g. website hosting etc.); 
To comply with our legal obligations; 
To prevent fraud and other illegal activities; 
In case of merger, acquisition, sale of assets,
In case of bankruptcy or dissolution; 
If required by law in response to valid requests by authorised public authorities;
To protect our rights and property;
To ensure the safety of Users of our Website. 

5. Cookies

This Website uses your 'cookies' about your activities on this Website. These 'cookies' represent small blocks of data, created when you browse this website. 'Cookies' help to identify your preferences.

By using this website you authorise the usage of your 'cookies'. 

Сайт работает без cookies? Их можно отключить? Если да, то надо описать как

6. Log Data 

This website uses your Log Data, e.g. such as your IP dress, browser type, Internet Service Provider, referring/exit pages, clickstream data etc. 

Please note, that this information doesn’t serve to personally identify you. The aim of collecting this information is to administer this website. 

7. Security 

The security and confidentiality of your personal data is our priority. 

To protect your personal data we have limited the collection of personal data we reasonably need to conduct our business activities (section 2), for purposes clearly defined (section 3) and by authorised employees respecting your confidentiality.

Be sure we implement reasonable technological to protect your personal information. However, please note, that no website can completely guarantee the security of your personal data.

8. Links to the websites of the third parties 

This website may contain links to the websites of the third parties. We have no responsibility for their Privacy Policy. 

We highly recommend you to familiarise with the Privacy Policies of websites you choose to visit before providing them with your personal information. 

9. Children’s personal information

Protection of children’s personal information on the Internet is one of our priorities. 

If your child under 13 (thirteen) years old has provided us with his personal information without your parental consent, we invite you to contact us as soon as possible to remove this information from our databases. 

10. Your rights

This Privacy Policy guarantees you the following rights:
To access your personal information;
To request the correction of your personal information;
To withdraw your consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information by us.

To exercise these rights at any time do not hesitate to contact us by mail.
We are committed to provide you an answer in less than 30 (thirty) days.
  
11. Changes to Privacy Policy

We retain the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. These changes enter into force immediately after their publication on this webpage.

We encourage you to check this webpage from time to time to keep up-to-date with our Privacy Policy.

12. To contact us

Do not hesitate to contact us in case of questions on our Privacy Policy by email email. 

Last update: date

Legal Disclaimer

THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THIS WEBSITE IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE USE OR RELIANCE OF THIS WEBSITE’S INFORMATION IS SOLELY AND COMPLETELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS AS TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, VALIDITY AND/OR SECURITY OF ANY INFORMATION DISPLAYED ON THIS WEBSITE.
THE COMPANY DOES NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGES OR HARM TO ANY PROPERTY CAUSED BY THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE. 
THE WEBSITE MAY CONTAIN INACCURACIES. THE COMPANY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CORRECT THEM.
